Ah hahahahaha young master
Master Dust
Got you, leprechaun
Hahaha, don't make trouble.
So many people watching
Yo, it turned out to be sister-in-law, eh?
How are you doing with what I gave you?
The amount of virtual money you invest skyrockets
Put in 1 billion
Now it's up by tens of billions
Lu Chen, you are really a genius
I said earlier that there is nothing wrong with being my woman, right?
You won't regret it.
Oh look
Here is the list of candidates you want
The future of the semiconductor industry is uncertain
If you enter blindly now, you may pay.
Semiconductors are the core industry of the future
You won't lose any money if you invest.
But now we don't have a company.
There's no R & amp; D.
The Du Group owns a Shunyang Technology
Buy him now
Mr. Zhao is currently in a downturn in the semiconductor industry market
Serious losses within the consortium
We had no choice but to sell the company
Shenyang Technology is now worth 1.50 billion
It can only be sold at most 1 billion it doesn't matter
As long as you can release good news to the outside world
We can increase the market value of the company at any time
That's not good.
What's wrong with that?
A message for 500 million
Straight people think about this little money all day
That's all
No, what are you doing here?
I 2 billion